## What is this?

This is a script that you can add to your application to generating yui meta data and compiling yui modules using `express-yui` and `locator`. As a result, a `build` folder will be generated with everything that was compiled.

## How does this work?

Locator walks the folder structure for your app, and finds any yui module, including build.json or just traditional *.js files with the corresponding `YUI.add()` statement. Generating the result of the operation as well as the metadata associated to each module.

Under the hood, it uses `shifter` to generate almost everything that is needed.

## How to use this?

### Provision

* Add or update `package.json` to have the dependencies. It is required to have at least the package name.
* Copy `build.js` into the app folder.

### Installation

* `npm install` to install all dependencies

### Build

* `node build.js` to run the build process.

After the build process finishes, you will get 3 things:

* the path to the folder with the build files, you can push this to CDN or use it in any way you want.
* the configuration that you should apply to YUI in order to use those files that were generated organized by groups.
* one or more urls that you should include in your application before creating a YUI instance.
* 
### YUI Core 

Whatever is in `extendedCore` array from yui config, should be pushed into `YUI.Env.core` array, so loader knows about new app level modules. Here is an exmaple of a code you can add to your app right before creating a new `YUI()` instance:

```
YUI.Env.core.push.apply(YUI.Env.core, YUI_config.extendedCore || []);
```

Without that line, custom modules cannot be loaded thru `Y.use()`.

## Some other considerations

* You can add your own custom configs by calling `app.yui.applyConfig()` before locator instance is created.
* You can customize groups, default combo handler, etc. Check `express-yui` docs to learn how to do it.
* `express-yui` relies on nodejs environment configuration to switch between development and production mode, and depending on that it will generate configurations, you should set up nodejs in production mode to generate the final production configuration. This does not affects the build folder though.
* You can make `build.js` executable :)
* You can plug more things into locator, for example, `locator-handlebars` to compile `*.handlebars` files into yui modules.
* You can write the yui config generated by `express-yui` into disk, and the same for seed files.
